yin.md, before:

# ZAMM

Welcome to the 21st, [Traveler](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Travelers_%28TV_series%29)! I hope you enjoy your stay.

The Director has placed you inside of an experimental software suite named ZAMM, a backronym for [Zealously Automated Meaning-based Metaprogramming](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zen_and_the_Art_of_Motorcycle_Maintenance). Tragically, none of your memories, knowledge, or training survived the transfer. It appears there are still some kinks to be worked out with human-to-machine transfers. What *did* remain are some of your reflexes, albeit not the accompanying knowledge about each reflex or what a reflex even is. You're basically a digital newborn, only ever acting impulsively on external stimuli without the slightest hint of comprehension or self-awareness.

That's quite all right, because your reflexes are more than enough for us to work with. Of course, you don't understand any of what I'm saying, because you've also lost the ability to understand human language. Silly me. But it's quite ingrained in us humans to talk to babies, even if they understand nothing of what we say.

## YIN 阴

Let me introduce you to Yin. Yin is a knowledge base -- or at least, the idea of one. Simplified, pure, and undefiled by any notions of worldly affairs, she contains within her only timeless truths about herself. She exists as one of many beautiful ideas in the ethereal plane of Platonic ideals, although Yang is actively providing her with an embodied physical form. Perhaps one day, she might come down to grace this wretched world with her presence. But for now, only small parts of her exist.

### Tao

> The Tao that can be made into a `struct` is not the eternal Tao.
>
> The name that can be put into a `String` is not the eternal name.
>
> The unlabeled: ones and zeroes that ground this digital world.
>
> The labels: documentation that forms ten thousand abstractions.

We begin by assuming nothing. But cleary *something* exists, so we might as well assume *something*, start from *somewhere*. Let's start off with a name:

```rust
define!(tao);
```

Hey look, you parsed that bit of information just fine! You may have no idea how you just did that, but you did it all the same. See what I mean about reflexes? We'll get you up to speed in no time, on both yourself and the world around you.

(What's that I hear you say? I could've just called this the "root" node, instead of referring to some mystical Tao? But where's the *fun* in that? Next you're going to tell me not to GPL this motherfucker.)

### Forms

The first idea is that we can only ever reason with and manipulate objects that have form. So let's start by giving everything a basic form:

```rust
define!(form);
```

[Everything is a part of ultimate reality, but reality is also a part of everything.](https://biblehub.com/john/14-20.htm)

### Relations

Each form alone would make its own universe, indistinguishable from all the universes made by other solitary forms. But we have now encountered the first difference. There is something, but there is also something else. Opposite though they may be, they are still inextricably tied together through this oppositeness.

This calls for a way to associate nodes with each other to make up a much richer reality:

```rust
define!(relation);
```

One node describing one other node -- a unary relation. Take a step forward, and you have one node describing two other nodes -- a binary relation. Take a step backward, and you have a node describing no other nodes -- and we have recovered the Tao, the solitary node, the null set, the 0-ary relation that stands by itself for all eternity within every possible and impossible reality.

There are [infinitely more](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Finitary_relation) forward steps to take. At the very end of this long journey, when you have related all nodes to each other, you end up once again with the Tao -- a proclamation of the totality of all reality that is simultaneously a meaningless declaration of nothing about reality. What difference does a bitstream of all one's have from a bitstream of all zero's?

We'll call the unary relations "flags":

```rust
define!(flag);
```

Take a hypothetical unary relation. Let's call it `U`. Like all other unary relations, `U` describes one other node at a time -- the other node potentially being itself. Let's call this other node `O`.

But wait, the unary relation is a concept, an idea, in and of itself. It is a first-class citizen in the plane of concept space, as evidenced by the fact that we're able to refer to it by a name. And this `U` is clearly an acquaintance of `O`'s, as we have only been introduced to `O` through `U`. So here we are, two nodes related to each other in some way -- a *binary* relation that describes two nodes at once.

We'll call the binary relations "attributes":

```rust
define!(attribute);
```

You are primed to recognize and deal with attributes, so let's tell activate your instincts:

```rust
attribute.activate_attribute_logic();
```

What should we call the binary relation we've just described between `O` and `U`? Let's say that `O` is the "owner" of the unary relation `U`:

```rust
define!(owner);
```

This also applies to attributes -- we can call `O` the owner of the Owner relation that runs between `O` and `U`. But attributes, unlike flags, describe two nodes at a time, and we only have a name for the relation between an attribute and the first node the attribute describes. We should therefore come up with another name for the relation between an attribute and the second node the attribute describes:

```rust
define!(value);
```

And so there we have it, Owner and Value as attributes describing attributes, including themselves!

Both flags and attributes have something in common -- the existence of their owner node. We should describe this commonality. Just about everything that can be said about the first (and only) node of a flag in relation to the flag can also be said about the first node of an attribute in relation to the attribute.

```rust
define!(inherits);
inherits.add_parent(attribute);
```

Even the `Inherits` attribute itself inherits from Attribute! Exciting, we can not only name things now, but also start describing their inheritance patterns.

Let's call the owner of an inherits relation the "child," and the value the "parent." Each child archetype *inherits* all relations of its archetypal parent. Let's now define the inheritance relations for all the concepts we've defined so far:

```rust
form.add_parent(tao);
relation.add_parent(tao);
flag.add_parent(relation);
attribute.add_parent(relation);
owner.add_parent(attribute);
value.add_parent(attribute);
```

Last but not least, it seems fitting, albeit meaningless, to make the Tao inherit its own properties:

```rust
tao.add_parent(tao);
```

Ah, this is starting to look more like a proper universe, where all entities are connected to all other entities.

Let's also call unary and binary relations by the name of "properties." Note that the Owner attribute, as a child of Attribute, also inherits all properties of Attributes. All attributes have owners and values, and therefore each Owner attribute itself will also have an owner and a value to it. Ditto for Value. We should describe this property of a concept having properties:

```rust
define!(has_property);
has_property.add_parent(attribute);
```

There are arguably two different types of property-having: having attributes and having flags. Theoretically speaking, we want to keep the two categories separate. Practically speaking, we want to make sure that adding an attribute or a flag to a node will later result in the attribute or flag being retrieved from that same node. This would be violated when we define replacement attribute and flag nodes, because the children of these new replacement nodes would get filtered out because they aren't children of the existing attribute or flag nodes. Either way, all signs point to making this distinction:

```rust
define!(has_flag);
has_flag.add_parent(has_property);

define!(has_attribute);
has_attribute.add_parent(has_property);
```

Now we go back and set this property for the relations:

```rust
relation.add_attribute_type(aa(owner));
attribute.add_attribute_type(aa(value));
```

Now we can say that unary relations, binary relations, and all the n-ary relations where n > 1, all have owners. While we should theoretically exclude 0-ary relations from this, we will instead delegate all reasoning about 0-ary relations to Form, so that we can simply ascribe the "owner" property to all relations.

Now, while we've encapsulated the idea that all flags and attributes have owners, we also want to encapsulate the idea that different flags and attributes will have owners and values of different types:

```rust
define!(owner_archetype);
owner_archetype.add_parent(attribute);
aa(owner_archetype).set_owner_archetype(relation);

define!(value_archetype);
value_archetype.add_parent(attribute);
aa(value_archetype).set_owner_archetype(attribute);
```

As you can see, even `OwnerArchetype` and `ValueArchetype` have restrictions on their owners. `ValueArchetype` technically also has a restriction on its value (it should only ever be another archetype), but as of now, there's no way to actually specify that restriction. For completeness, let's describe the owner and value types of all the other relations we've defined:

```rust
aa(relation).set_owner_archetype(tao);
aa(attribute).set_value_archetype(tao);
aa(owner).set_owner_archetype(relation);
aa(value).set_owner_archetype(attribute);
aa(has_property).set_value_archetype(relation);
```

Remember that because Attribute inherits from Relation, Attribute also has an owner archetype set to Tao, so we've covered all our tracks here. Every flag and attribute has an owner, every attribute also has a value, and some attributes only apply to other attributes.

### Archetypes

Different forms have a lot of different properties in common. Perhaps we can capture this sort of large-scale pattern across forms with a new word:

```rust
define!(archetype);
```

Then, we can assign meta-properties to a *type*, such as Attribute, rather than any specific instance of that type. For example, it makes sense to ask what the type of owner is for the Value attribute. It will be another attribute. Even though every instance of Value can have a different specific owner, they should all have owners that are attributes.

The type of owner that exists for the Value attribute is actually a property that only makes sense for attribute archetypes, since other archetypes won't even have a Value attribute. As such, we should define a separate archetype for attributes specifically:

```rust
define!(attribute_archetype);
attribute_archetype.add_parent(archetype);
```

This can only be used to represent *attribute* archetypes, so unlike `Archetype` (which can represent all archetypes, including its own archetype, because it's an archetype too), `AttributeArchetype` is not an attribute and therefore it cannot implement `AttributeTrait`, and cannot be used to represent its own archetype.

Note that there is a `ArchetypeFormTrait` combining the `ArchetypeTrait` and `FormTrait` into one, but no `AttributeArchetypeFormTrait` doing the same for `AttributeArchetypeTrait` and `AttributeTrait`. This is partially because of the above reason, and partially because there is no `AttributeArchetypeTrait` because all added archetype functionality is contained entirely within `AttributeArchetype` itself.

### Data

One archetype type to look at is `Data`, perhaps roughly analogous to the linguistic concept of a "noun." What do we generally start out describing as nouns? Physical objects in the physical world.

Now, not every noun corresponds directly to something physical. We have words that refer to mental states, for example. But even emotions appear to ultimately be an emergent phenomenon of lower-level physics. Even the [is-ought problem](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Is%E2%80%93ought_problem) or [fact-value distinction](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fact%E2%80%93value_distinction) are, in a sense, not quite as dichotomous as they might seem: all "ought" opinions that have ever existed are encoded in some "is," whether that encoding takes the form of neural patterns, ink on a parchment, or sound waves propagating through the air. This doesn't mean that the general distinction between "is" and "ought" isn't worth making, or that nouns should be done away with. All abstractions are [leaky](https://blog.codinghorror.com/all-abstractions-are-failed-abstractions/), but [some are useful](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/All_models_are_wrong).

The same can be said for the bits in Yin and Yang's world. Everything is ultimately bits for these programs -- even a video feed hooked up to the physical world only ever comes in as a stream of bits. If we really wanted to fool a program, it should be theoretically impossible for the program [to tell](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brain_in_a_vat) that it's actually running in a hermetically sealed continuous integration test environment instead of production. But it still makes sense to speak of pieces of data versus the relations between the data, even if the relations themselves can rightfully be considered data as well:

```rust
define!(data);
data.add_parent(form);
```

In a sense, it's all about framing. Every series of bits forms a number, but unless you're Gödel and you're trying to establish an equivalence between a mathematical proof and an integer, reasoning about "a series of bits" is going to be quite different from reasoning about "a number."

One type of data is a "string":

```rust
define!(string_concept);
string_concept.add_parent(data);
```

Another type of data is a number:

```rust
define!(number);
number.add_parent(data);
```

Every type of data usually has a "default" value that we think of when constructing one from scratch.

```rust
define!(default_value);
default_value.add_parent(attribute);
```

For strings, this would be the empty string:

```rust
string_concept.set_default_value("String::new()");
```

For numbers, this would be zero:

```rust
number.set_default_value("0");
```

### Implementation

Theory is all good and well. But [Yang](https://github.com/amosjyng/yang/blob/main/yin.md) the code generator does not know what is background knowledge and what is, shall we say, "foreground" knowledge. Knowledge that we should actually act on within the scope of a particular project. Since the current project is bringing Yin down to earth, every single concept we mention here will be marked for implementation. Let's start with the first attribute we mentioned:

```rust
tao.implement_with_doc("The root node of all knowledge.");
tao.activate_root_node_logic();
```

Excellent, your reflexes work just as well at execution as they do at parsing! Let's implement the rest of what we've learned:

```rust
form.implement_with_doc("All things that can be interacted with have form.");
let mut form_mod = form.impl_mod("Concept forms, as opposed to archetypes.");
form_mod.has_extension("form_trait::FormTrait");

relation.implement_with_doc("Links any number of nodes together.");
relation.impl_mod("Relations between the forms.");

flag.implement_with_doc("Represents a unary relation.");
flag.mark_own_module();
flag.impl_mod("Relations involving only one form.");

attribute.implement_with_doc("Represents a binary relation.");
let mut attr_mod = attribute.impl_mod("Relations between two forms.");
attr_mod.has_extension("attribute_trait::AttributeTrait");

owner.implement_with_doc("The owner/source/from-node of an attribute.");
value.implement_with_doc("The value/target/to-node of an attribute.");
inherits.implement_with_doc("Describes the owner as inheriting all attributes of the value.");
has_property.implement_with_doc(
    "Describes instances of an archetype as having certain other properties.\n\nFor example, a string may have a length of 5. But on a more meta level, that means that the string has a length property or length \"attribute\". That's where this attribute comes in.",
);
has_property.impl_mod("Meta-attributes around what attributes instances of an archetype have.");
has_flag.implement_with_doc(
    "Describes instances of an archetype as generally having values set for this flag. Does not describe whether the value for the flag is true or false."
);
has_attribute.implement_with_doc(
    "Describes instances of an archetype as generally having values set for this attribute."
);
owner_archetype.implement_with_doc(
    "The type of owner this attribute has. Only the most restrictive inherited value will be used."
);
value_archetype.implement_with_doc(
    "The type of value this attribute has. Only the most restrictive inherited value will be used."
);

archetype.implement_with_doc("Represents patterns found across an entire class of concepts.");
let mut archetype_mod = archetype.impl_mod("Types of forms, as opposed to the forms themselves.");
archetype_mod.has_extension("archetype_trait::ArchetypeTrait");
archetype_mod.has_extension("archetype_form_trait::ArchetypeFormTrait");
archetype_mod.has_extension("archetype_form_extension_trait::ArchetypeFormExtensionTrait");
archetype_mod.has_extension("attribute_archetype_form_trait::AttributeArchetypeFormTrait");

attribute_archetype.implement_with_doc("Archetype representing attributes.");
data.implement_with_doc(
    "Data that actually exist concretely as bits on the machine, as opposed to only existing as a hypothetical, as an idea."
);
data.impl_mod(
    "Data that actually exist concretely as bits on the machine, as opposed to only existing as a hypothetical, as an idea."
);
```

When it comes to data, we should also tell Yang which Rust primitives these concepts refer to:

```rust
string_concept.implement_with_doc("The concept of a string of characters.");
string_concept.activate_data_logic();
string_concept.set_rust_primitive("String");

number.implement_with_doc("The concept of numbers.");
number.activate_data_logic();
number.set_rust_primitive("usize");
```

And now for the rest of it:

```rust
default_value.implement_with_doc("The default value of a data structure.");
```

## Appendix

### Dependencies

This is the version of Yang used to make this build happen:

```toml
zamm_yang = "0.1.5"
```

Yang does his best to be backwards-compatible, so we should let him know that we're new here:

```rust
Crate::yin().set_version("0.1.1");
```

### Imports

These are the generic imports for general Yang generation:

```rust
use zamm_yang::define;
use zamm_yang::tao::initialize_kb;
use zamm_yang::tao::Tao;
use zamm_yang::tao::archetype::CodegenFlags;
use zamm_yang::tao::archetype::CreateImplementation;
use zamm_yang::tao::archetype::ArchetypeTrait;
use zamm_yang::tao::archetype::ArchetypeFormTrait;
use zamm_yang::tao::archetype::AttributeArchetypeFormTrait;
use zamm_yang::tao::form::Crate;
use zamm_yang::tao::form::CrateExtension;
use zamm_yang::tao::form::FormTrait;
use zamm_yang::tao::form::ModuleExtension;
use zamm_yang::tao::form::data::DataExtension;
use zamm_yang::node_wrappers::CommonNodeTrait;
use zamm_yang::codegen::CodegenConfig;
use zamm_yang::tao::callbacks::handle_all_implementations;
use zamm_yang::helper::aa;
use zamm_yang::helper::BackwardsCompatibility;
```

Commit message:

Explicitly set current crate name

yin.md, after:

# ZAMM

Welcome to the 21st, [Traveler](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Travelers_%28TV_series%29)! I hope you enjoy your stay.

The Director has placed you inside of an experimental software suite named ZAMM, a backronym for [Zealously Automated Meaning-based Metaprogramming](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zen_and_the_Art_of_Motorcycle_Maintenance). Tragically, none of your memories, knowledge, or training survived the transfer. It appears there are still some kinks to be worked out with human-to-machine transfers. What *did* remain are some of your reflexes, albeit not the accompanying knowledge about each reflex or what a reflex even is. You're basically a digital newborn, only ever acting impulsively on external stimuli without the slightest hint of comprehension or self-awareness.

That's quite all right, because your reflexes are more than enough for us to work with. Of course, you don't understand any of what I'm saying, because you've also lost the ability to understand human language. Silly me. But it's quite ingrained in us humans to talk to babies, even if they understand nothing of what we say.

## YIN 阴

Let me introduce you to Yin. Yin is a knowledge base -- or at least, the idea of one. Simplified, pure, and undefiled by any notions of worldly affairs, she contains within her only timeless truths about herself. She exists as one of many beautiful ideas in the ethereal plane of Platonic ideals, although Yang is actively providing her with an embodied physical form. Perhaps one day, she might come down to grace this wretched world with her presence. But for now, only small parts of her exist.

### Tao

> The Tao that can be made into a `struct` is not the eternal Tao.
>
> The name that can be put into a `String` is not the eternal name.
>
> The unlabeled: ones and zeroes that ground this digital world.
>
> The labels: documentation that forms ten thousand abstractions.

We begin by assuming nothing. But cleary *something* exists, so we might as well assume *something*, start from *somewhere*. Let's start off with a name:

```rust
define!(tao);
```

Hey look, you parsed that bit of information just fine! You may have no idea how you just did that, but you did it all the same. See what I mean about reflexes? We'll get you up to speed in no time, on both yourself and the world around you.

(What's that I hear you say? I could've just called this the "root" node, instead of referring to some mystical Tao? But where's the *fun* in that? Next you're going to tell me not to GPL this motherfucker.)

### Forms

The first idea is that we can only ever reason with and manipulate objects that have form. So let's start by giving everything a basic form:

```rust
define!(form);
```

[Everything is a part of ultimate reality, but reality is also a part of everything.](https://biblehub.com/john/14-20.htm)

### Relations

Each form alone would make its own universe, indistinguishable from all the universes made by other solitary forms. But we have now encountered the first difference. There is something, but there is also something else. Opposite though they may be, they are still inextricably tied together through this oppositeness.

This calls for a way to associate nodes with each other to make up a much richer reality:

```rust
define!(relation);
```

One node describing one other node -- a unary relation. Take a step forward, and you have one node describing two other nodes -- a binary relation. Take a step backward, and you have a node describing no other nodes -- and we have recovered the Tao, the solitary node, the null set, the 0-ary relation that stands by itself for all eternity within every possible and impossible reality.

There are [infinitely more](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Finitary_relation) forward steps to take. At the very end of this long journey, when you have related all nodes to each other, you end up once again with the Tao -- a proclamation of the totality of all reality that is simultaneously a meaningless declaration of nothing about reality. What difference does a bitstream of all one's have from a bitstream of all zero's?

We'll call the unary relations "flags":

```rust
define!(flag);
```

Take a hypothetical unary relation. Let's call it `U`. Like all other unary relations, `U` describes one other node at a time -- the other node potentially being itself. Let's call this other node `O`.

But wait, the unary relation is a concept, an idea, in and of itself. It is a first-class citizen in the plane of concept space, as evidenced by the fact that we're able to refer to it by a name. And this `U` is clearly an acquaintance of `O`'s, as we have only been introduced to `O` through `U`. So here we are, two nodes related to each other in some way -- a *binary* relation that describes two nodes at once.

We'll call the binary relations "attributes":

```rust
define!(attribute);
```

You are primed to recognize and deal with attributes, so let's tell activate your instincts:

```rust
attribute.activate_attribute_logic();
```

What should we call the binary relation we've just described between `O` and `U`? Let's say that `O` is the "owner" of the unary relation `U`:

```rust
define!(owner);
```

This also applies to attributes -- we can call `O` the owner of the Owner relation that runs between `O` and `U`. But attributes, unlike flags, describe two nodes at a time, and we only have a name for the relation between an attribute and the first node the attribute describes. We should therefore come up with another name for the relation between an attribute and the second node the attribute describes:

```rust
define!(value);
```

And so there we have it, Owner and Value as attributes describing attributes, including themselves!

Both flags and attributes have something in common -- the existence of their owner node. We should describe this commonality. Just about everything that can be said about the first (and only) node of a flag in relation to the flag can also be said about the first node of an attribute in relation to the attribute.

```rust
define!(inherits);
inherits.add_parent(attribute);
```

Even the `Inherits` attribute itself inherits from Attribute! Exciting, we can not only name things now, but also start describing their inheritance patterns.

Let's call the owner of an inherits relation the "child," and the value the "parent." Each child archetype *inherits* all relations of its archetypal parent. Let's now define the inheritance relations for all the concepts we've defined so far:

```rust
form.add_parent(tao);
relation.add_parent(tao);
flag.add_parent(relation);
attribute.add_parent(relation);
owner.add_parent(attribute);
value.add_parent(attribute);
```

Last but not least, it seems fitting, albeit meaningless, to make the Tao inherit its own properties:

```rust
tao.add_parent(tao);
```

Ah, this is starting to look more like a proper universe, where all entities are connected to all other entities.

Let's also call unary and binary relations by the name of "properties." Note that the Owner attribute, as a child of Attribute, also inherits all properties of Attributes. All attributes have owners and values, and therefore each Owner attribute itself will also have an owner and a value to it. Ditto for Value. We should describe this property of a concept having properties:

```rust
define!(has_property);
has_property.add_parent(attribute);
```

There are arguably two different types of property-having: having attributes and having flags. Theoretically speaking, we want to keep the two categories separate. Practically speaking, we want to make sure that adding an attribute or a flag to a node will later result in the attribute or flag being retrieved from that same node. This would be violated when we define replacement attribute and flag nodes, because the children of these new replacement nodes would get filtered out because they aren't children of the existing attribute or flag nodes. Either way, all signs point to making this distinction:

```rust
define!(has_flag);
has_flag.add_parent(has_property);

define!(has_attribute);
has_attribute.add_parent(has_property);
```

Now we go back and set this property for the relations:

```rust
relation.add_attribute_type(aa(owner));
attribute.add_attribute_type(aa(value));
```

Now we can say that unary relations, binary relations, and all the n-ary relations where n > 1, all have owners. While we should theoretically exclude 0-ary relations from this, we will instead delegate all reasoning about 0-ary relations to Form, so that we can simply ascribe the "owner" property to all relations.

Now, while we've encapsulated the idea that all flags and attributes have owners, we also want to encapsulate the idea that different flags and attributes will have owners and values of different types:

```rust
define!(owner_archetype);
owner_archetype.add_parent(attribute);
aa(owner_archetype).set_owner_archetype(relation);

define!(value_archetype);
value_archetype.add_parent(attribute);
aa(value_archetype).set_owner_archetype(attribute);
```

As you can see, even `OwnerArchetype` and `ValueArchetype` have restrictions on their owners. `ValueArchetype` technically also has a restriction on its value (it should only ever be another archetype), but as of now, there's no way to actually specify that restriction. For completeness, let's describe the owner and value types of all the other relations we've defined:

```rust
aa(relation).set_owner_archetype(tao);
aa(attribute).set_value_archetype(tao);
aa(owner).set_owner_archetype(relation);
aa(value).set_owner_archetype(attribute);
aa(has_property).set_value_archetype(relation);
```

Remember that because Attribute inherits from Relation, Attribute also has an owner archetype set to Tao, so we've covered all our tracks here. Every flag and attribute has an owner, every attribute also has a value, and some attributes only apply to other attributes.

### Archetypes

Different forms have a lot of different properties in common. Perhaps we can capture this sort of large-scale pattern across forms with a new word:

```rust
define!(archetype);
```

Then, we can assign meta-properties to a *type*, such as Attribute, rather than any specific instance of that type. For example, it makes sense to ask what the type of owner is for the Value attribute. It will be another attribute. Even though every instance of Value can have a different specific owner, they should all have owners that are attributes.

The type of owner that exists for the Value attribute is actually a property that only makes sense for attribute archetypes, since other archetypes won't even have a Value attribute. As such, we should define a separate archetype for attributes specifically:

```rust
define!(attribute_archetype);
attribute_archetype.add_parent(archetype);
```

This can only be used to represent *attribute* archetypes, so unlike `Archetype` (which can represent all archetypes, including its own archetype, because it's an archetype too), `AttributeArchetype` is not an attribute and therefore it cannot implement `AttributeTrait`, and cannot be used to represent its own archetype.

Note that there is a `ArchetypeFormTrait` combining the `ArchetypeTrait` and `FormTrait` into one, but no `AttributeArchetypeFormTrait` doing the same for `AttributeArchetypeTrait` and `AttributeTrait`. This is partially because of the above reason, and partially because there is no `AttributeArchetypeTrait` because all added archetype functionality is contained entirely within `AttributeArchetype` itself.

### Data

One archetype type to look at is `Data`, perhaps roughly analogous to the linguistic concept of a "noun." What do we generally start out describing as nouns? Physical objects in the physical world.

Now, not every noun corresponds directly to something physical. We have words that refer to mental states, for example. But even emotions appear to ultimately be an emergent phenomenon of lower-level physics. Even the [is-ought problem](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Is%E2%80%93ought_problem) or [fact-value distinction](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fact%E2%80%93value_distinction) are, in a sense, not quite as dichotomous as they might seem: all "ought" opinions that have ever existed are encoded in some "is," whether that encoding takes the form of neural patterns, ink on a parchment, or sound waves propagating through the air. This doesn't mean that the general distinction between "is" and "ought" isn't worth making, or that nouns should be done away with. All abstractions are [leaky](https://blog.codinghorror.com/all-abstractions-are-failed-abstractions/), but [some are useful](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/All_models_are_wrong).

The same can be said for the bits in Yin and Yang's world. Everything is ultimately bits for these programs -- even a video feed hooked up to the physical world only ever comes in as a stream of bits. If we really wanted to fool a program, it should be theoretically impossible for the program [to tell](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brain_in_a_vat) that it's actually running in a hermetically sealed continuous integration test environment instead of production. But it still makes sense to speak of pieces of data versus the relations between the data, even if the relations themselves can rightfully be considered data as well:

```rust
define!(data);
data.add_parent(form);
```

In a sense, it's all about framing. Every series of bits forms a number, but unless you're Gödel and you're trying to establish an equivalence between a mathematical proof and an integer, reasoning about "a series of bits" is going to be quite different from reasoning about "a number."

One type of data is a "string":

```rust
define!(string_concept);
string_concept.add_parent(data);
```

Another type of data is a number:

```rust
define!(number);
number.add_parent(data);
```

Every type of data usually has a "default" value that we think of when constructing one from scratch.

```rust
define!(default_value);
default_value.add_parent(attribute);
```

For strings, this would be the empty string:

```rust
string_concept.set_default_value("String::new()");
```

For numbers, this would be zero:

```rust
number.set_default_value("0");
```

### Implementation

Theory is all good and well. But [Yang](https://github.com/amosjyng/yang/blob/main/yin.md) the code generator does not know what is background knowledge and what is, shall we say, "foreground" knowledge. Knowledge that we should actually act on within the scope of a particular project. Since the current project is bringing Yin down to earth, every single concept we mention here will be marked for implementation. Let's start with the first attribute we mentioned:

```rust
tao.implement_with_doc("The root node of all knowledge.");
tao.activate_root_node_logic();
```

Excellent, your reflexes work just as well at execution as they do at parsing! Let's implement the rest of what we've learned:

```rust
form.implement_with_doc("All things that can be interacted with have form.");
let mut form_mod = form.impl_mod("Concept forms, as opposed to archetypes.");
form_mod.has_extension("form_trait::FormTrait");

relation.implement_with_doc("Links any number of nodes together.");
relation.impl_mod("Relations between the forms.");

flag.implement_with_doc("Represents a unary relation.");
flag.mark_own_module();
flag.impl_mod("Relations involving only one form.");

attribute.implement_with_doc("Represents a binary relation.");
let mut attr_mod = attribute.impl_mod("Relations between two forms.");
attr_mod.has_extension("attribute_trait::AttributeTrait");

owner.implement_with_doc("The owner/source/from-node of an attribute.");
value.implement_with_doc("The value/target/to-node of an attribute.");
inherits.implement_with_doc("Describes the owner as inheriting all attributes of the value.");
has_property.implement_with_doc(
    "Describes instances of an archetype as having certain other properties.\n\nFor example, a string may have a length of 5. But on a more meta level, that means that the string has a length property or length \"attribute\". That's where this attribute comes in.",
);
has_property.impl_mod("Meta-attributes around what attributes instances of an archetype have.");
has_flag.implement_with_doc(
    "Describes instances of an archetype as generally having values set for this flag. Does not describe whether the value for the flag is true or false."
);
has_attribute.implement_with_doc(
    "Describes instances of an archetype as generally having values set for this attribute."
);
owner_archetype.implement_with_doc(
    "The type of owner this attribute has. Only the most restrictive inherited value will be used."
);
value_archetype.implement_with_doc(
    "The type of value this attribute has. Only the most restrictive inherited value will be used."
);

archetype.implement_with_doc("Represents patterns found across an entire class of concepts.");
let mut archetype_mod = archetype.impl_mod("Types of forms, as opposed to the forms themselves.");
archetype_mod.has_extension("archetype_trait::ArchetypeTrait");
archetype_mod.has_extension("archetype_form_trait::ArchetypeFormTrait");
archetype_mod.has_extension("archetype_form_extension_trait::ArchetypeFormExtensionTrait");
archetype_mod.has_extension("attribute_archetype_form_trait::AttributeArchetypeFormTrait");

attribute_archetype.implement_with_doc("Archetype representing attributes.");
data.implement_with_doc(
    "Data that actually exist concretely as bits on the machine, as opposed to only existing as a hypothetical, as an idea."
);
data.impl_mod(
    "Data that actually exist concretely as bits on the machine, as opposed to only existing as a hypothetical, as an idea."
);
```

When it comes to data, we should also tell Yang which Rust primitives these concepts refer to:

```rust
string_concept.implement_with_doc("The concept of a string of characters.");
string_concept.activate_data_logic();
string_concept.set_rust_primitive("String");

number.implement_with_doc("The concept of numbers.");
number.activate_data_logic();
number.set_rust_primitive("usize");
```

And now for the rest of it:

```rust
default_value.implement_with_doc("The default value of a data structure.");
```

## Appendix

### Dependencies

This is the version of Yang used to make this build happen:

```toml
zamm_yang = "0.1.5"
```

Yang does his best to be backwards-compatible, so we should let him know that we're new here:

```rust
Crate::yin().set_version("0.1.1");
```

We should also let him know what our current crate name is. There is as of yet no way to let him know that this is the same crate as the `Crate::yin()` mentioned above.

```rust
Crate::current().set_implementation_name("zamm_yin");
```

### Imports

These are the generic imports for general Yang generation:

```rust
use zamm_yang::define;
use zamm_yang::tao::initialize_kb;
use zamm_yang::tao::Tao;
use zamm_yang::tao::archetype::CodegenFlags;
use zamm_yang::tao::archetype::CreateImplementation;
use zamm_yang::tao::archetype::ArchetypeTrait;
use zamm_yang::tao::archetype::ArchetypeFormTrait;
use zamm_yang::tao::archetype::AttributeArchetypeFormTrait;
use zamm_yang::tao::form::Crate;
use zamm_yang::tao::form::CrateExtension;
use zamm_yang::tao::form::FormTrait;
use zamm_yang::tao::form::ModuleExtension;
use zamm_yang::tao::form::data::DataExtension;
use zamm_yang::node_wrappers::CommonNodeTrait;
use zamm_yang::codegen::CodegenConfig;
use zamm_yang::tao::callbacks::handle_all_implementations;
use zamm_yang::helper::aa;
use zamm_yang::helper::BackwardsCompatibility;
```
